doc: Verifiers and CertificateStore CRD (#654)
deislabs/ratify: docs/reference/crds/stores.md

A `Store` resource defines how to discover and retrieve reference types for a subject.
Please review doc [here](https://github.com/deislabs/ratify/blob/main/docs/developer/store.md) for a full list of store capabilities. 
To see more sample store configuration, click [here](../../../config/samples/). Each resource must specify the `name` of the store.
 
```yml
name: required, name of the store
address: optional. Plugin path, defaults to value of env "RATIFY_CONFIG" or "~/.ratify/plugins"
parameters: optional. Parameters specific to this store
```

## Oras

An implementation of the `Referrer Store` using the ORAS Library to interact with OCI compliant registries.

Sample Oras yaml spec:
```yml
apiVersion: config.ratify.deislabs.io/v1alpha1
kind: Store
metadata:
  name: store-oras
spec:
  name: oras
  parameters: 
    cacheEnabled: true
    capacity: 100
    keyNumber: 10000
    ttl: 10
    useHttp: true  
    authProvider:
      name: k8Secrets
      secrets: 
      - secretName: ratify-dockerconfig
```

| Name        | Required | Description | Default Value |
| ----------- | -------- | ----------- | ------------- | 

> | cosignEnabled      | no    |   This must be `true` if cosign verifier is enabled. Read more about cosign verifier [here](https://github.com/deislabs/ratify/pull/646/files#diff-577b85db823f49417d505df5753df48656877e5e4af9a004150c5f058967c0fe).        |   `false`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cosignEnabled      | no    |   This must be `true` if cosign verifier is enabled. Read more about cosign verifier [here](https://github.com/deislabs/ratify/blob/main/plugins/verifier/cosign/README.md).        |   `false`       |
```

| authProvider      | no    |      This is only required if pulling from a private repository. For all supported auth mode, please review [oras-auth-provider](https://github.com/deislabs/ratify/blob/main/docs/reference/oras-auth-provider.md) doc  |   dockerAuth            |
| cacheEnabled      | no    |   Oras cache, cache for all referrers for a subject     |   `false`            |
| capacity      | no    |   Max size of oras cache      |   100 Megabytes        |
| keyNumber   | no     |  Number of 4-bit access counters to keep for oras cache admission and eviction.     |  10000       |

> | ttl      | no    |    Time to live for entries in oras cache        |   10            |

Reviewer: can we add the time unit here? (it should be seconds I believe)
